DOCS-#2954: Add docs for `modin.engines.base.frame` module (#2955)
modin-project/modin: docs/developer/flow/engines/base/frame/data.rst

> BasePandasFrame

Reviewer: Isn't we placing all of the flow docs in "flow/**modin**/..."? At least #2952 sets this pattern

Reviewer 2: This needs to be discussed on today's meeting.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/modin-project/modin/tree/master/docs/flow/modin

Let's use this

BasePandasFrame
"""""""""""""""

The class is base for any frame class of ``pandas`` backend and serves as the intermediate level
between ``pandas`` query compiler and conforming partition manager. All queries formed
at the query compiler layer are ingested by this class and then conveyed jointly with the stored partitions
into the partition manager for processing. Direct partitions manipulation by this class is prohibited except
cases if an operation is striclty private or protected and called inside of the class only. The class provides
significantly reduced set of operations that fit plenty of pandas operations.

Main task of ``BasePandasFrame`` is storage of partitions, manipulation with labels of axes and

> providing set of methods to perform function from query compiler layer on the internal data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
providing set of methods to perform operations on the internal data.
```

Author: fixed

> ``BasePandasFrame`` doesn't work with stored array of partitions directly. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, ``BasePandasFrame`` shouldn't work with stored partitions directly and the responsibility for modifying partitions array has to lay on :doc:`partition_manager`. 
```

Author: fixed

> ``BasePandasFrame`` only provides some interface to perform function along internal data. A responsibility for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Author: removed

> the modifying partitions list lies with :doc:`partition_manager`. For example, method

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, method
```

Author: removed

:meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.broadcast_apply_full_axis` redirects applying
function to ``BaseFrameManager.broadcast_axis_partitions`` method.

``BasePandasFrame`` can be created from ``pandas.DataFrame``, ``pyarrow.Table`` 
(methods :meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.from_pandas`,
:meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.from_arrow` are used respectively). Also,
``BasePandasFrame`` can be converted to ``np.array``, ``pandas.DataFrame``
(methods :meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.to_numpy`,
:meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.to_pandas` are used respectively).

Manipulation with labels of axes happens using internal methods for changing labels on the new, 
adding prefixes/suffixes etc.

> 

Reviewer 2: extra line

Author: removed

BasePandasFrame
"""""""""""""""

The class is base for any frame class of ``pandas`` backend and serves as the intermediate level
between ``pandas`` query compiler and conforming partition manager. All queries formed
at the query compiler layer are ingested by this class and then conveyed jointly with the stored partitions
into the partition manager for processing. Direct partitions manipulation by this class is prohibited except
cases if an operation is striclty private or protected and called inside of the class only. The class provides
significantly reduced set of operations that fit plenty of pandas operations.

Main task of ``BasePandasFrame`` is storage of partitions, manipulation with labels of axes and

> providing public interface for partition manipulation.

Author: Here we say only about interface of "partitions manipulation", we don't say that `BasePandasFrame` does this. This info will be useful to developer who wants to run `apply_full_axis` (for example) on the `query_compiler` layer.

> providing public interface for partition manipulation.

Reviewer 2: Providing an interface for partitions manipulation is a responsibility of a partition manager, but not a frame. Also, I don't see a link for apply_full_axis call at the QC layer.

> providing public interface for partition manipulation.

Author: rephrased

``BasePandasFrame`` can be created from ``pandas.DataFrame``, ``pyarrow.Table`` or from labels of this base frame
(methods :meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.from_pandas`,
:meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.from_arrow`,

> :meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.from_labels` are used respectively). Also,

Author: removed

``BasePandasFrame`` can be converted to ``np.array``, ``pandas.DataFrame`` or labels of this
base frame(methods :meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.to_numpy`,
:meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.to_pandas`,

> :meth:`~modin.engines.base.frame.data.BasePandasFrame.to_labels` are used respectively)

Author: removed
